hello and welcome to tiny treasures
today we're going to show you the in the
Nikon poison and Upsy Daisy and iggle
piggle are going to a party in Mexico hi
MC hi absolute Isaac are you going to go
have a party in the gazebo iggle piggle
are you going to go to the party let's
go pick up Makka pakka first debate we
go
yes he was sleeping from his Makka pakka
and are you going to go well let's go
pick up more friends who are these
friends
it's the pointy pines and the wottingers
hi pontipines and wottingers are you
willing to go to the party I think
that's all yes well everyone has came
that stock pot Oh but what are these
eggs doing people open a minute it's the
big poem the pinky Ponk is going to land
in the bridge the pinky Ponk we'll have
a party with us too well let's open
these surprise eggs sir do you want
anything
let's see what's inside how come you are
from the garden oh well let's open
another now I think this is absolutely
upsy daisy's favorite color pink and
yellow let's see what's inside
another warm from the garden
let's see what else we got pickles
favorite colors red and blue from the
garden and the last one let's see and
did not a worm from the daughter what
surprises now it's upsy daisy's turn to
dance what's up Stacy
now it's max Pappas chantix
what's that fun look bone
now it's final you can pick those turned
little pig on likes to jump thank you
for coming to tiny dresses please
subscribe to our videos goodbye